Hi there, welcome to Pluralsight.
My name is Tim Warner.
This module is entitled Windows 10 Backup and Recovery.
We have a lot to cover in this module, because frankly,
backup and recovery is a crucially important topic,
whether you're a consumer or a business user of Windows 10.
We're going to go through built-in tools like System Restore,
File History,
we'll look at how to recover files from OneDrive and OneDrive for Business,
we'll look at Windows Backup, and then finish with Recovery Drive.
A lot of options for backing up.
I also want to frame our discussion and the critical importance of,
well, backing up your data. Let's get started.